What's up?
What do you want to talk about?
I'm sorry about...
last time.
I'm sorry for texting you nonstop, too.
I'm sure there are a lot more
I should be sorry for.
This was my first relationship
and my first breakup,
so that's why.
Because it was the first time
I felt these emotions.
Still, I shouldn't have done that.
I'm sorry.
And thank you.
For letting me learn
what it's like to be loved,
and for letting me learn...
what it's like to like someone.
I wanted to thank you.
I felt like I really had to say that.
Thank you.
Jong-yeoul.
May I ask you for a favor?
Sure.
If you date someone else,
don't call her a knucklehead.
Okay.
If you date someone else,
wait a little longer.
Okay.
Don't be too nice to me.
I'll get confused again.
But don't be too mean to me either.
Okay.
I'm really glad
that you were my first love.
I'm sorry.
Bye.
Goodbye.
EPISODE 13
SEEING ONESELF #AllthePrettyHorses
We need to do this much.
Did you find them?
Here they are.
-Hey...
-Talk later. I'm busy. Bye.
-Later...
-Go already.
Is she playing hard to get?
She should be home soon.
Should I call her?
She's coming.
-Congratulations!
-What is this?
-Blow.
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR BREAKUP
Did it go well?
I forgot a few things.
"Even if we have nothing to do
with each other, be happy."
I should have said that.
Lend me that. I want to use it
when I get dumped.
You'd better not.
When do we open this?
Hey. You should've popped it
when she walked in.
-Give it to me.
-I don't know how to open it.
Come in again.
Careful.
Okay. Here is to first breakup
of our youngest.
-Congratulations!
Bottoms up.
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR FIRST BREAKUP
Your eyes are swollen.
You need an ice pack.
I can say this now,
but it was dangerous for a bit.
You're right. I was afraid
she would turn into a stalker.
Really? How come I didn't know?
Did you know, too?
You were in your dark stage back then.
Excuse me.
Hey. Did you find him?
Really? Is he famous?
What is his address?
Okay.
Paju Hoedong-gil
Why won't you eat?
What are you doing?
Mom. Nabi won't eat this.
Let's go in and wash your hands
and get ready to...
Who are you?
Is this Mr. Gwan-young Han's place?
I don't drink coffee,
so is oolong tea okay?
Yes, anything is fine.
So, which grade school did you say?
Ganae Elementary School.
It's in Gwangcheon.
Yes. The creek behind the school
was really nice.
So, Ji-won Song.
I'm sorry.
I don't have the best memory.
So...
were you in the art department?
No. I was terrible at art.
I was talking about the past with friends,
and was reminded of you.
Do you remember Yun-woo Jung?
She was the president of class 3-2.
Her father had a poultry farm.
Yun-woo Jung?
I don't recall.
Do you remember Sang-eun Cho?
Her parents had the supermarket
right by the school.
Sang-eun Cho...
My goodness.
They say old memories come back to you
when you get old.
I don't know if I'm still young,
or if I'm just stupid.
Do you remember Hyo-jin Moon?
Her dad had passed away
and her mom worked in a restaurant.
-Dad, I'm leaving.
-Okay.
I made dinner, so heat up the stew, okay?
Okay.
Your wife...
Two years ago.
How's the tea? Is it okay?
Yes, it's good.
-Have a nice day.
-Get home safely.
-Did you recognize him?
-No. Not at all.
He's an average old man.
He has white hair,
but he looks kind of young for his age.
Anyway, he's not what I expected.
What did you expect?
I expected him to be...
You're right.
Look.
So, which grade school did you say?
Ganae Elementary School.
It's in Gwangcheon.
Do you remember Hyo-jin Moon?
Suspicious, right?
I can't tell.
What do you mean?
He flinched as soon as I asked
if he knew Hyo-jin Moon. Watch again.
Do you remember Hyo-jin Moon?
Her dad had passed away...
It may be in your head.
...restaurant.
Why you...
Look.
Dad, I'm leaving.
Then what's this?
I know how frustrated you are,
but this isn't enough.
I have my memory.
Memories can be distorted.
Are you saying I manipulated my memory
to make myself feel better?
We need objective proof.
FIND A TEACHER
Gwan-young Han
CHUNGCHEONGNAM-DO OFFICE OF EDUCATION
GWAN-YOUNG HAN
RESEARCH WORK: DONATION FOR EDUCATION
VIA PERSONALIZED FIELD ACTIVITIES
This doesn't get recycled, right?
Are you throwing it away?
You have to put it in a garbage bag.
A garbage bag?
You'll end up throwing it away anyway.
Sure. I know that, but...
I wish there were a service
that would keep things for me for a while
and throw them away later.
Like a memory preservation service.
-Are you going out?
-Yes.
-What is that?
-Apple jam.
It's hot.
Don't take anything from Jang-hoon
that's too big.
What's the standard of "big"?
A shoebox.
If it's bigger than a shoebox,
it'll be a pain to get rid of later.
She just scoffed at me, right?
She thinks her love will last forever.
She'll think it won't ever change.
You think you're an exception, right?
That's how she was last year,
and so was I before.
-What?
-Something smells incredible...
General Cho.
My General Cho
turned into a female general.
That's why you're freaking out?
See you later.
Bye.
-You saw her in a dress before.
-When?
When we went apple picking.
She wore my mom's dress.
She did?
I know you were in a dark stage,
but that's too much.
Where is she going, dressed like that?
That's hot.
Probably to see the landlord.
Jang-hoon? Why?
Stop.
-What brings you here?
-Just.
One of my housemates
broke up with her boyfriend recently.
Actually, it ended a few months ago,
but she finally let go recently,
and asked him to break up.
So, the housemates threw her a party.
What about it?
That's all.
If you get to that point too,
I'll throw you a party.
I didn't understand a word you said.
They don't look good.
Those shoes.
They don't go with the dress.
Wow. That's really nice.
-Who is that?
-Eun.
I see. It's Eun.
It's Eun.
Hi. You came.
You're wearing a skirt.
You look really pretty. Like a princess.
Why are you laughing?
I'm just...
Why are you still in the hospital?
I wanted to get a thorough checkup
while I'm here.
Quit smoking and exercise a little.
Look at that belly.
And you faint in front of the kid...
You're right.
How's school? Is it okay?
Yes.
How do you like living on your own?
It's not like I'm living by myself.
Then what is it?
It's a share-house.
It's not bad.
Do you have a boyfriend?
I'm leaving.
-Bye.
-Goodbye.
Already?
She cried the other day.
-Why?
-I said I disliked my hair, and she cried.
I was so surprised.
What do you mean?
Seriously. I'll tell you slowly,
so listen carefully, okay?
Okay.
The other day,
-Yes.
-I said I didn't like my hair,
-and she cried.
So, why did she cry
when you didn't like your hair?
Where did you go?
What's this? Whom did you see
dressed like that?
-Just.
-Why you...
If you get dolled up, show it to me first.
Give me a spin.
Come here.
Seriously.
-Put your face closer.
-What?
I forgot something.
I forgot something, but what was it?
I forgot.
What was it? Shoot.
I should have gotten the set.
Your mother is 80 years old.
I have never seen her wear earrings.
A gift isn't necessarily for her to wear.
It's the thought that counts.
Yes. But must you show off like that?
I don't want to be compared to my sister.
It needs to be at least similar.
Put on a different lipstick.
Okay.
-We're here.
-Hello.
Hi.
Come in.
-You look good.
-How have you been?
-When did you get in?
-Yesterday.
-Hi, Ye-eun.
-How have you been?
I hear you're busy with your thesis.
I barely submitted it.
-Sit down.
-Long time no see.
-You're looking good.
-You look good, Mom.
I heard you took time off.
Why? Did something happen?
Of course, not.
She was taking classes
and getting experience here and there.
It's so hard to get a job,
that it's normal to take time off
to build up their resume.
Do people in your department
get jobs well?
Regardless, she's a science major.
It's good she chose that
back when she was in high school.
If she chose liberal arts as she wanted,
where would she be?
Right?
You've gotten prettier.
Do you have a boyfriend?
She doesn't know about things like that.
She's too naive.
When she graduates and gets a job,
introduce her to someone nice
at your company.
Okay, fine. I will.
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday, dear Grandma
-Happy birthday to you
-Thank you.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday, Grandma.
Happy birthday, Mom.
Happy birthday, Mother.
Thank you.
Mom, this is something nice.
Thank you, my dear daughter.
-Why aren't you eating?
-I am.
You have lost weight.
She did not. Young kids these days...
I didn't ask you.
Are you eating well?
Yes, Grandma. I am.
Is school fun?
Of course. School is good.
Good. As long as everything is okay.
-Whose milk is that in the fridge?
-It isn't mine.
-Not mine either.
-It's probably Ye-eun's.
It expires today. May I drink it?
I think so.
Ye-eun went to a family dinner.
She'll be eating expensive food.
Madame Jung, bring us leftovers.
Please.
Actually, the truth is,
-the reason I took time off...
-Ye-eun.
It wasn't to gain experience
and build up my resume.
Uncle.
I had a boyfriend.
We had dated for three years.
You know. You see it in the news at times.
Dating violence.
That's what happened to me.
What are you talking...
So I took time off from school
and underwent therapy.
I'm not completely better yet,
but still...
I have gotten a lot better.
-You're back.
-How was it?
Hi, Ye-eun.
Come on.
Yes, that's it.
-Got it.
-Stop it.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I'm hungry. Is there anything to eat?
Didn't you go to a Chinese restaurant?
Didn't you have a full course?
Yes, I did eat, but...
You'll gain weight.
So be it.
Who wants to eat with me?
-Me.
Did you find anything?
No. Only stories of praise.
He must've been such a great teacher.
His students insisted on throwing him
an appreciation banquet.
This is bad.
Seosan Elementary School - Retired
EXHIBITIONS
ASSOCIATIONS
You sing well.
I was a singer.
Jin-myung.
I'm going back home next week.
-Next week?
-Yes.
You're sad, right?
-Let's all have dinner together first.
-Okay.
Your treat.
Okay.
Let's all eat together...
and have a farewell show.
A farewell show?
Yes. One last time.
Just a minute.
-Thank you.
-Sorry?
We heard from Heimdallr.
-I'll go ahead.
-Okay.
The truth is, we felt bad
that only we were kept
after we disbanded.
We felt too bad to call the others, too.
Heimdallr called earlier and told us
you're giving us a farewell show.
Oh, that? That's...
Thank you.
Jin-myung.
CLEAR PAPER JAMS
Jin-myung!
Yes? Just a minute!
Yes! Just a minute!
-What!
You're so awesome!
This is heaven on earth.
What are they doing?
I don't know. They were doing this
when I got home.
That was great.
-Thank you.
-Drink this! It's nice and cold.
Drink this.
Thank you.
-You're sweating.
-Thank you.
You were so cool.
It's okay. You could take it off.
I want to wipe your sweat for you.
-Hey.
-What are you doing?
Practicing. We need to practice
before going on stage.
What?
Don't worry.
The agency gave their approval.
Guys. Say hi.
-Hello.
Thank you.
I was really upset at how it ended.
Don't be lame.
Thank you.
A farewell performance.
I never even dreamed of that.
Thank you.
-Thank you.
-We'll do our best.
Also, I'm sorry for cursing at you
that time.
-Okay, come on. Let's rehearse.
-Okay.
Let's make it Asgard's best performance!
-The best!
The best.
-Don't do this.
-Why not?
I guess it is late.
What do we do?
You can use my living room. Come in.
-Really?
-Really? May we?
It isn't big, but it isn't small.
-Is it really okay?
-Thank you.
-Let's go.
Go in! Don't be shy! Go in!
Go in. Let's go in together.
Where are you going? Come here.
-That way. I need to go...
-Okay.
-We'll see them later.
-I want to go that way.
-Come on. Let's go.
-That way.
-Come on.
-There are so many men.
Goodness.
Karaoke?
Yes.
I meant let's all go out for dinner
and go to karaoke or something.
I don't think karaoke will cut it.
-It won't.
Definitely not.
What do we do?
What can we do?
They're all really looking forward to it.
Shouldn't we tell them right away?
It'll get harder and harder to tell them,
the longer we wait.
Asgard.
-Good work.
-Bye. See you tomorrow.
-Eat breakfast.
-I'm tired.
-By 10:00 a.m. tomorrow.
-Okay.
Jin-myung.
I need to talk to you.
I'm sorry,
but the farewell show I mentioned
isn't quite what you're thinking.
I just meant we could...
Do you think I'm stupid?
Do you think I expected a concert hall?
It's okay even if it's small.
We just need a stage and a mic.
"This is Asgard. This is our end."
As long as we can announce that together.
A stage and a mic?
At least five million won?
What? Five million won?
Why is it so expensive?
You have to rent the amps, lights...
That's just for the basics.
Community centers are cheaper.
They're booked for two months.
Have a nice day.
-Have a nice day.
What is it?
I'm sorry for lying.
I'm sorry too, for being a nag.
Are you mad at me?
No.
Are you busy this weekend?
I don't know.
Do you want to watch a cartoon?
I'm tired. I'm going to stay home.
What's up?
Is something wrong?
Where's Heimdallr?
He went to meet a friend.
Then may I come in?
Sure. Come in.
Ye-ji...
What did she say?
She won't do anything.
We've just drifted apart.
She's a million times more distant
than when she screams and cries.
When you were little,
did you make a vow
that only the two of you
would be friends?
You did.
Back then, I didn't need anyone else
and still had fun.
We were friends for 12 years.
Wow, 12 years...
It must be worse than breaking up
after dating.
I was annoyed because she was so clingy,
but now I'm annoyed
because she's so distant.
I'm terrible, aren't I?
Everyone's like that.
You want a drink?
Here's to your 12-year-long friendship.
No relationship lasts forever.
And your relationship...
was too exclusive.
Whether love or friendship,
if you do that...
Then what?
It gets too tough. It's so tough.
You're right.
You know...
when I told my friends
that I got a girlfriend,
they said I should
take you somewhere
and get it done before I join the army.
I used to make stupid jokes like that
without thinking in the past too.
But I didn't like hearing it.
I don't want you...
to question if that's what I was after
after I join the army.
Do you understand?
You may say what's the big deal
about going to the army,
but in my position...
Stop scratching. What's wrong with you?
It's itchy.
I feel sick, too.
Can you not drink?
My head hurts.
-What's going on?
-Hey.
-General Cho!
-Oh my gosh.
-There.
-Careful.
-Be careful.
Get up.
Hey! How much did you make her drink?
-Well...
-Three bottles?
No! Three sips. I swear.
It was three sips.
Is something wrong?
Ye-ji and I broke up.
We decided to break up.
Maybe we broke up long ago.
But this time, it's definitely the end.
What? That's it?
Yes.
That's all.
Other people don't know
what kind of a relationship we had.
You know,
I knew Ye-ji for two-thirds of my life.
I was closer to her than to my parents.
Ye-ji was once my entire life.
So tell me,
am I supposed to be sad or not sad?
Sad. You're sad.
Yes. It's natural to be sad.
So, let's go in.
-Let's go in and sleep.
-Let's sleep.
Let's go.
You're so mean!
Why do you discriminate?
What?
When Eun-jae was dumped,
you popped party poppers
and threw her a party and stuff.
Why don't you do it for me?
I want one, too.
Do we have any poppers?
Yes.
Get them.
That's so tacky...
-Let's take two each.
-Okay.
Ready? Okay.
-One, two, three!
Congratulations!
-Good night.
When she gets drunk...
She's super cute, right?
Here.
Good night.
Later.
I never saw Eun drunk before.
I thought she would be a heavy drinker.
I know, right?
INVITATION
You are invited to Gwan-young Han's
appreciation banquet.
Hello?
Hello. Well...
I'm calling about Gwan-young Han's
appreciation banquet.
Yes?
My name is Ji-won Song.
I received an invitation,
and I wondered how you knew my address.
Just a minute.
FIND: Ji-won Song
JI-WON SONG: GANAE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 2007
You wrote it down
when you came by last time.
Last time?
Yes, when you came in the spring.
In the spring?
On March 2.
The banquet got delayed
from the initial date.
We had planned it for May,
but my dad kept refusing, so...
Hello?
Yes. Yes, I understand.
Thank you.
What's up?
-Where's Heimdallr?
-He isn't back yet.
He said he was going to get costumes
for their performance.
Okay.
Would you like some tea?
-No, I'm good.
-Okay.
-Are you going somewhere?
-Yes.
Did you tell Heimdallr?
Not yet.
Don't tell him yet.
I think we may figure something out.
-How?
-I'll tell you later!
MAILBOX
What are you doing?
I asked what you are doing.
Well...
Did an invitation come in the mail?
For Hyo-jin...
Is this it?
TO: HYO-JIN MOON
How did you know she got this?
-What?
-Did you get one, too?
-Well...
-Who's Gwan-young Han?
He was your teacher
during third grade, wasn't he?
It wasn't you, but Gwan-young Han
who ruined Hyo-jin's life.
Hold on. Where are you going?
Who are you?
I'm here to stop you.
Who told you?
Ji-won?
God... Get lost!
I may kill you.
-What do you plan to do?
-I'll kill that bastard.
-You can't.
-Why not?
Because that isn't what Hyo-jin wanted.
How do you know?
Because she put my name down.
Because she wanted to go
to the banquet with me.
Hyo-jin wanted me to be there.
She wanted me to be there
when she confronted Gwan-young Han.
Then you do what you want.
I'll do it my way.
If you do it your way,
I can't do what I planned.
If I can't do what I planned,
we can't do what Hyo-jin wanted.
Don't you think I thought of that?
I thought of coming here
in the middle of the night
and smashing his head in.
Or even breaking into his house
with a knife.
I thought of them, too.
I'm sure that if I thought of them,
so did she.
But she didn't do it. Why not?
Because that isn't it.
Because that isn't what Hyo-jin wanted.
She planned to go...
to the banquet with me.
I don't know why she died
before then, but...
now, I must do it alone.
So, I'm going to do it.
Do it right, then.
What are you doing?
I heard noises outside.
Where's Bi-joo?
She finally fell asleep.
She hates to sleep.
I wonder who she takes after.
Who else? She gets it from you.
-Me?
-Definitely.
Once you got on my back,
you wouldn't get off.
No way.
-Good night.
-You, too.
Does it hurt?
Why?
Does it hurt you, too?
Nothing's gone right since I met you.
I'm sorry.
You were the only person I could ask.
But it's almost over.
What do you plan to do?
I must do what Hyo-jin planned to do.
Will you be okay?
Even if I won't be, I will do it anyway.
I have no choice.
Don't worry.
Sorry.
TO: HYO-JIN MOON
TO: JI-WON SONG
FROM: NAN-HO HAN
Let's go.
What kind of a life
did that child dream of back then?
Did she want an average life
or did she want to be special?
Did she dream of adventure?
Did she dream of love?
I mourn for her way too late.
I mourn for her dreams that were wasted.
I couldn't remember nor forget.
My friend Hyo-jin Moon.
Today, I pray for them
that they may not face any storms,
that they may not experience things
they can't do anything about,
that even if they get bored
and frustrated,
they may live average lives.
And I also pray...
that if they experience something
they can't do anything about,
they may overcome it.
I pray that even if they're afraid,
they may still go forward.
Hyo-jin Moon
I pray that they may give all they have
to become the person...
they wanted to become back then.
Ji-won Song
HYO-JIN MOON, JI-WON SONG
You don't want to go?
You don't know how a guy
going to the army feels.
-Who is that?
-My girlfriend.
-Hello.
-Come in.
Ho-chang. Your sisters must be here.
-Ho-chang!
Hello.
-I can't do it.
-Shut it!
Who cares if you mess up?
Sing your heart out.
Jin-myung Yoon!
-How may we help you?
-Ji-won Song...
You saw Choong-hwan today, right?
He said you changed a lot.
Date him. He's a nice guy.
He apparently looked you up.
-You should stop her from going to jail.
-You should have told me...
You would have stopped me.
Are you 100% sure?
You don't have even 1% of doubt?
I won't apologize. I can't apologize.
8 YEARS LATER
WHY AN APPLE OF ALL THINGS?
SINGLE EYELIDS?
PINK?
VERY LONG LEGS?
Let's go.
Is this the house where Mom used to live?
Yes.
Subtitle translation by Jeong